Welcome to the template for filing a lawsuit for less than $25,000 against The Grand/Greystar in Denver County Court! 

This template sets forth facts for claims of breach of contract, detrimental reliance/promissory estoppel, and intentional infliction of emotional distress. Delete facts that don't apply to you or that you don't want to claim. Add facts as needed. Modify sections with information specific to you. 

There are instructions, comments, and guideance in yellow highlighted brackets throughout. Fill in the brackets that require information specific to your situation. Modify the document as needed. Then delete the yellow brackets, including any notes/instructions. 

Feel free to use this template as a baseline for your attorney to file a lawsuit (a/k/a complaint) against The Grand/Greystar in Denver County Court. Your lawyer is probably going to want to tweak some things as a matter of personal preference (lawyers are notorious pencil fuckers; they can't NOT modify anything), but this should save them time and you money. 

Alternatively, you can sue The Grand/Greystar on your own (called pro se) and represent yourself. That shouldn't be too hard to do in County Court. Just follow the instructions at https://www.denvercountycourt.org/money-cases/ (also available in this repo at https://github.com/thegrandisgoingdown/fuckthegrand/blob/main/county_court_instructions). Other douments you will need like the Summons and Answer Form are available for download at https://www.denvercountycourt.org/money-cases/. If you go this route, you will need to serve The Grand/Greystar with the complaint (completed version of this template), the summons (the clerk will complete this doc, you just need to fill in the caption), and answer form (again, you just fill in the caption). If you have an attorney, they will take care of this. Note that you cannot serve these documents on The Grand/Greystar (a party to a case may not serve the defendants). Even if you are wanting to do this on the cheap, it's probably worth hiring a process server for this bit. Anyone over the age of 18 can serve The Grand/Greystar, but they will need to understand the rules of service (see https://casetext.com/rule/colorado-court-rules/colorado-rules-of-civil-procedure/chapter-1-scope-of-rules-one-form-of-action-commencement-of-action-service-of-process-pleadings-motions-and-orders/rule-4-process). Whoever you wind up using to serve The Grand/Greystar will need to return a completed Affidavit of Service to you for you to file with the court. 

Note than even if you start off filing pro se, you can hire an attorney at any point to step in and represent you.
